Ruby Calisthenics
=================

For this first homework, you will do some simple programming exercises to familiarize yourself with Ruby.

###Specifics
You can do the assignment in groups of 3 people max (you can have 2) or alone.

**Deadline**: Monday, December 10, 2012 1:00 PM

**How to submit**: Email your solutions to __vincent.paca[at]gmail[dot]com__ (zipped, tarballed, 7zipped, however you like it).

##Part 1: Strings

__(a)__ Write a method that determines if a word or phrase is a palindrome. A palindrome is a word that reads the same
as backwards as forwards ignoring case, punctuation and other non word characters. Your code **SHOULD NOT** contain any loops or iterations of any kind.

Check out the [Ruby documentation](http://ruby-doc.org) for methods like `String#downcase`, `String#gsub` and `String#reverse`.

For example:

      palindrome?("A but tuba.") #=> true
      palindrome?("Not a palindrome") #=> false
      palindrome?("A man, a plan, a canal: Panama") #=> true

      def palindrome?
        #write your awesome code here
      end

__(b)__ Given an input sttring, return a hash whose keys are the words in the string and the values are the number of times each word
appears. Non-words should be ignored. Case should not matter.

Example:

      count_words("Pap parap pap pap love ko to")
      #=> { "pap" => 3, "parap" => 1, "love" => 1, "ko" => 1, "to" => 1 }

      def count_words(string)
        #write your code here
      end

##Part 2: Anagrams

An anagram is a word obtained by rearranging the letters of another word. For example: "rats", "tars" and "star" are an anagram group because
they are made up of the same letters.

Given an array of strings, write a method that groups them into anagra, groups and returns the array of groups. The case doesn't matter in
classifying string as anagrams. The order of anagrams in the group also doesn't matter.

Example:

      #input
      ['cars', 'for', 'potatoes', 'racs', 'four', 'scar', 'creams', 'scream']
      #output => [["cars", "racs", "scar"], ["four"], ["for"],
      ["potatoes"], ["creams", "scream"]]

      def combine_anagrams(words)
        #write your code here
      end

##Part 3: Fibonacci

Write a methodd that handles Fibonacci sequences. Given an input N, your method should return the NTH number of the fibonacci sequence.

Example:

      fibo_finder(4) #=> returns 3, since the sequence is: 0 1 1 2 3 5 8 13....

      def fibo_finder(inpuit)
        #write your code here
      end

##Part 4: Basic OOP

__(a)__ Create a class Dessert with getters and setters for name and calories.  Define instance methods healthy?, which returns true if a 
dessert has less than 200 calories, and delicious?, which returns true for all desserts.

__(b)__ Create a class JellyBean that extends Dessert, and add a getter and setter for flavor.  Modify delicious? to return false 
if the flavor is black licorice (but delicious? should still return true for all other flavors and for all non-JellyBean desserts).

Here is the framework (you may define additional helper methods):

      class Dessert
        def initialize(name, calories)
          # YOUR CODE HERE
        end
        
        def healthy?
          # YOUR CODE HERE
        end
        
        def delicious?
          # YOUR CODE HERE
        end
      end
      
      class JellyBean < Dessert
        def initialize(name, calories, flavor)
          # YOUR CODE HERE
        end
        
        def delicious?
          # YOUR CODE HERE
        end
      end
